Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Hi.
Hey, puppy.
Where are you going?
Getting in shape, huh?
Well, you better go home.
Come on, puppy. Go. Go home.
Puppy, go home.
Please, puppy, go home.
Go!
Look, I mean it, get lost.
Go home. Please.
Come on, go home. Go home.
Get out of here.
Damn it, puppy, go home.
- Hey, Dave.
- Hi, Jim.
Meet my expert coaching staff.
- My son, Brandon.
- Brandon.
- How are you, Dave?
- All right.
His friend, Steve Sanders.
- Steve.
- Nice to meet you.
This is Dave Franklin,
the el presidente of the
West Beverly Hills Baseball League.
Today I'm just a regular dad.
- Which one's your son?
- That's Davey over there.
All right. We ought to get him
on our team, Mr Walsh.
Well, I think that can be arranged.
So for the tryouts,
you up to hitting some fungoes?
- Just point me to the bat rack.
- All right.
- Nice meeting you, fellas.
- See you later, Dave.
Bye-bye.
So how tight is your dad with Franklin?
Well, they work together.
Pretty tight, I think.
Well, then you can bet
old Franklin's gonna make sure
his good buddy gets all the best players.
Maybe.
- Say, is your dad any good?
- He loves baseball.
- But is he any good?
- See for yourself.
Oh, I'm sorry, honey,
but if you play without stretching first,
what do you expect?
- A little sympathy?
- For whom?
The ageing jock
who throws out his back every season?
Or the ageing nurse who gets to listen
to her patient moan and groan all week
while she waits on him hand and foot?
Okay, okay.
I'll be back in commission by Monday.
Forget it. Dr Kramer told you
specifically to stay off your feet.
And your children and I are here to
make sure that you take your medicine.
- Oh, poor Daddy.
What can I say, kids?
Your old man's a stiff.
Brandon, you and Steve, you think you
can run the show for a couple of weeks?
- Teach the kids how to play some ball?
- Probably.
Yeah, I had a pretty good coach
when I was younger.
So, you know, with my dad laid up,
we need all the help we can get.
First practice is today
if you want to join in the festivities.
Thanks, but no thanks, Slim.
Dylan, I thought
you were a total baseball freak.
Oh, I am.
But having to listen to these parents
berating their kids from the sidelines
all day long
brings back a whole slew
of bad memories.
Yeah, but it shouldn't be
about the parents.
It should be about being on a team,
learning fundamentals,
having a good time.
That's very noble, Brandon,
but when I was playing
- it was about winning at any cost.
- It still is.
I know some people from the Valley,
took their kid out of the league
because it was so competitive.
Well, no offence, Andrea, but did this
kid have any athletic ability whatsoever?
Are you kidding?
Avery not only won the batting title,
but was the star pitcher for the entire
West Valley Baseball League.
Well, guys, I hear what you're saying,
but I can promise you that Steve and I
will not run our team like that.
Crawford!
Get your finger out of your nose!
He eats them, too.
Take a lap.
Steve.
Steve, what's the problem?
He wasn't doing anything.
Yeah, he was, he was grossing me out.
Last thing we need
is a booger picker playing second base.
Hi, Steve. Hi, Brandon.
- Davey, you all right?
- Davey, how you doing, large guy?
Hey, you got a new mitt. All right, buddy.
- Yeah.
- Franchise.
Okay, everyone gets a new mitt.
New bats. New helmets. The works.
How sweet it is.
So, when do we get new uniforms?
You don't get a uniform
until you can prove to us
that you could smack the ball
out of the park, you little squeef.
Everyone pile on Noah.
Where did you get all this stuff?
You need anything, you let me know.
It's like he raided
a sporting goods store.
Told you it would pay
to have Franklin's kid on the team.
You are welcome to come in,
but, with my father's back, you're
definitely entering at your own risk.
I think I'll pass.
I think I don't blame you.
- Bye.
What are you doing?
Get away from there.
You're making a mess.
Come on, get out of here.
Go home before I call the pound.
I'm serious. Get out of here.
Oh, don't look at me like that.
I don't even like dogs that much.
You don't even have a collar, do you?
Okay, if I give you something to eat,
will you go?
Do you like bologna?
You like bologna?
Okay, I'll get you some bologna.
Yes, I will.
Let's go.
Okay, Noah, heads up.
Throw it home. Throw it home.
- Look what I got, ma?
- Oh, come on, give me a break.
Noah. Noah. Hey,
don't pull your head out, man, all right?
Yeah, but the ball
didn't get through my legs.
Well, it's 'cause it took a sweet hop.
You don't know
what you're talking about.
- What'd you say?
- You heard me.
Noah!
That's gonna cost you a lap.
Snack time, everybody!
Yes! All right.
Noah!
You won't believe
what that kid just said to me.
Yeah, I know he's a real paw,
but he's a good hitter.
- And his mom's Nan Guersy.
- Who?
Our team mother. She brought
this delicious dim sum for the kids.
- You gotta taste these noodles.
- Dim sum?
Can't believe the spread
this woman brought.
She brought Chinese dumplings,
and bottled water, and...
It was amazing. We used to eat
Twinkies back home, remember?
Oh, honey, would it be easier
to eat upstairs?
No, it wouldn't. I have been in bed
all day, and I am going stir-crazy.
I know.
Well, sounds like we've been given
a pretty good ball team.
Well, we got some pretty good players.
I could do without
a lot of the attitude, though.
Well, of course
the first thing these kids are gonna do
is to test your limits.
What do you expect?
Yeah, but you don't understand, Dad,
it...
The league's run a lot differently out
here than it was back home, that's all.
And you've come to this conclusion
after the first day of practice?
Jim.
Well, I don't understand
why he's being so critical.
- And what is all this yelping?
- It sounds like a dog.
That's being tortured in our back yard.
- Where are you going?
- To see what it is.
You are not.
You're supposed to stay off your feet.
- Brandon can see what it is.
- Yeah.
- Jim...
- Mom, it's a dog.
Yeah, I think
we established that, Brenda.
It sounds like it's coming
from the side of the house.
No, it's in the garage.
No, it sounds like the side of the house.
No, trust me, Dad, it's in the garage.
He smells bad. But once you get
to know him, he's really sweet.
- Who does he belong to?
- Us.
Brenda, we can't have a dog
in this house, and that is that.
Why not?
Because I know who's going to be
the one
to walk it and feed it and all...
No. Dad, I don't want you guys
to lift a finger to this dog.
He's completely my responsibility.
Yeah, well, that's what you said
about Ruby.
Ruby was completely untrainable.
I mean, even the vet said so.
And Bruno?
Bruno bit the mailman completely
out of self-defense, and you know that.
Okay. Fine.
- Let's talk about Mr Pepper.
- I knew he'd bring him up.
Jim.
I'm sorry, but someone in this family
left that poor animal outside in the
middle of winter to freeze to death.
I was nine years old!
How was I supposed to know
about wind-chill factors?
Brenda, I think the dog needs you.
Excuse me.
- Brenda.
- Dad, he needs me.
And what I need is for you to take him
to the animal shelter tonight.
I can't do that. If I take him to the pound,
they'll put him to sleep.
Fine, I'll take him.
- Jim.
- Where are the car keys?
Jim!
I'm taking him back
to the pound tonight, and that is that.
No, that is not that.
You're not going anywhere but straight
upstairs and back to bed right now.
- Cindy.
- No.
I can't bear to see you walk around
like the Hunchback of Notre Dame.
And I won't have you barking
at your children
because your back is in spasm.
Now, while
you are upstairs recuperating,
your son is going to post signs
in the neighborhood
- to see if anyone's lost a dog, right?
- No problem.
And until we find its rightful owner,
your daughter will not only take
total responsibility for this animal,
but she will also get rid of it
the moment it becomes a nuisance,
- isn't that right, honey?
- Thanks, Mom.
You're making a big mistake.
Daddy, I promise,
it's going to be totally different this time.
You're all going to love Wally.
- Wally?
Wally?
You won't even know he's around.
- Hey, you're early.
- Actually, I'm late.
And I was kind of hoping
I could switch today for tomorrow.
What's up?
Well, I'm coaching a team for the
West Beverly Hills Baseball League,
and they just handed me
a practice schedule.
Say no more.
You can take as much time as you want
on one condition.
You gotta schedule a couple
of practice games against my kids.
You're a coach?
Yeah. I have been for years.
Mid City Park and Rec Centre.
It's a gas. I love it.
Well, how's your team,
are they any good?
No, they stink, but who cares?
You know, just being out there
is like being part
of a great American tradition.
- You know what I mean?
- Yeah, I do.
Crawford!
What are you, digging for dinosaurs?
- Come on, guys, get your cleats on.
- Right.
We gotta talk to your dad
about trading that kid.
- Forget it.
- Why?
Because when his back's out,
you don't wanna talk to him
about anything. Trust me.
- Then we'll talk to Franklin.
- Franklin?
- Yeah, he said if we ever need anything.
- Steve, I don't...
Hey, the kid is dead weight.
Mr Franklin,
could I have a word with you?
As it turns out...
Have you tried the slouvaki?
Okay, Wally, stay. Stay right... Stay.
Stay right there.
Okay, Wally, come. Come on, Wally.
Come on.
Come on. Come on.
Wally, come here.
Wally, come on.
- Let's face it, he's dumb.
- He's not dumb.
He's just going through
a slight separation anxiety.
Brenda.
What's with your dog?
Oh, don't mind him.
He goes crazy for perfume.
I'm not wearing any perfume.
Strike three.
Got to work those corners, Davey.
I know how to throw a curve.
Probably wanna stay away from
that breaking stuff for a couple years.
You don't wanna burn out your arm.
You know, you're the first coach
who's ever told me not to push myself.
Yeah. It's like my dad says,
"What's the rush?"
Davey, hustle up. You're in the cage.
See you later.
Well, it's all set.
Franklin's arranging the trade right now.
- It's a trade.
- What trade?
Crawford for Kenny Kessler.
Don't say anything till it's official.
It may take a week or two.
What if Crawford
doesn't want to be traded?
Who cares? We're gonna rip.
We're gonna have Kenny Kessler
and Davey, Jr in the same rotation.
Forget it, Steve. It's not fair.
It's a done deal.
Look, Franklin's amped about this.
He wants to have a winning team.
Well, then I guess
I'll just have to go talk to him.
Well, what are you gonna say to him?
I'm gonna tell him
to let the coaches run the team.
Brandon, look.
I'm your friend.
You can say anything to me.
But I don't think you wanna offend
the president of the league.
Especially if he's a friend
of your father's.
Wally.
Wally, stop it. Wally, no.
Down.
Wally, you're a bad boy. Down.
Wally...
Wally, no.
You better be quiet now. Stop it!
I cannot keep on making excuses
for you.
Brenda, your father
wants to speak to you.
Mom, Wally's really a sweet dog.
Yeah. Well, tell that to your father.
I don't know why
you have to be so critical
- of everybody involved in this league.
- I'm not, Dad.
Dave Franklin puts in
a lot of hours for you kids
that someone of his clout
doesn't have to spare.
I know.
And I think he deserves
a hell of a lot of credit.
I agree. It's...
I promise I'm gonna find him a home
first thing tomorrow.
Thank you.
And as far as you and I are concerned,
I hope to be seeing a new attitude
coming out of the coaching box,
or it's going to be a long season.
Come on, Wally,
I need you to keep a low profile
until everybody
can get to know you better.
I know it's dark and lonely in here,
but it's the best that I can do.
Okay, Wally,
you stay on the rug, don't make
any noise, and don't chew anything.
Okay.
You're such a good dog.
Good night, Wally.
- Okay, we're gonna have a good time?
- Yeah!
Are we gonna play ball
like we normally do?
- Yeah!
Let's do it, let's do it. Come on, let's go.
Where's my catcher?
Okay. Here we go.
Okay.
This is pathetic.
They're not even wearing uniforms.
So what? It's a practice game.
They don't look so good, Brandon.
It's okay. They came out here to play,
and that's the important thing.
Now, listen up, you guys.
The way you treat your competition
is a direct comment
on how you play the game.
Good sportsmanship counts big time
with me and my old man.
So let's get off on the right foot.
Let's go out there, let's treat these guys
with some respect, okay?
- Chill for a second, guys. Bran.
- What's up?
Buddy, Franklin doesn't want
Nat's kids using our new equipment.
He just doesn't want any of the stuff
to get broke before the season starts.
You don't have a problem with that,
do you?
- Let's get this practice game going!
- Batter up!
All right!
Come on. Yeah. Come on. Yeah.
Take that! Take that.
- Good man.
- Hurrah!
Run!
All right.
- How many runs you score so far?
- Fourteen.
Come on, guys!
We can do it. We got two outs.
We can get out of this inning. Let's go!
Come on. Heads up!
Okay, routine grounder. You got it.
Easy out.
Come on, Mannie.
Shake it off. You can shake it off.
Hey, doofus, you really eat toads.
You'll throw it better next time, Mannie.
Hey, Cory, hit it to the doofus.
He's a real toad.
- Halt. Time out.
- Time!
Crawford, get in the game for Noah.
- Forget you!
- Get off the field, Noah.
I'm not getting off the field
unless Coach Sanders tells me to.
Hold up a second, tiger.
What's up?
I'm benching Noah. He doesn't deserve
to play with his attitude.
I agree. I just don't think
you wanna humiliate him.
I'm not gonna humiliate him,
I just wanna teach him a lesson.
Yeah, okay,
but I think the timing might be a little off.
Fine. Why don't you coach
the rest of the game by yourself, buddy.
Brandon...
Brandon!
- What happened?
- I don't know.
- Hi, Mom.
- Oh, hi, honey, how are you?
Oh, you know, the same.
I'm sorry about Wally.
Yeah. So what's for dinner?
You didn't have to take him
to the pound, did you?
No, I didn't.
Terrific.
You found a home for him, huh?
Yeah, ours.
- Brenda.
- Mom, I tried. I really did.
I went to the vet.
The receptionist asks, "Hi,
are you looking for a new puppy?"
I said, "No, I have a dog
that needs a home, like, right now."
So she gave me the card
to the Department of Animal Control,
and then she made sure to tell me
that three-quarters of the 190,000 strays
that were brought to the shelter
last year were destroyed.
And then she said to have a nice day.
It's a crime
more people don't neuter their pets.
And the thought of poor Wally
in some alley fending for himself...
It was just too cruel, I just couldn't do it.
- Okay.
- Okay, I can keep him?
No, okay, you can explain
to your father why he's still here,
and then you can tell him about all
the wonderful things you're doing
to find him a new home.
Oh, that sounds fair,
except can you go upstairs with me
to break the news?
You know, I think it might be wise
to just wait a little bit.
I'm not gonna argue with you
anymore, Brandon.
And apparently you're not going to listen
to my side of the story either, are you?
You already told me what happened.
One of your kids got out of line,
you lost your temper,
you stalked off the field
in the middle of a game.
Dad, if you'd have seen the way that
Noah taunted their second baseman,
I guarantee you would've pulled him off
the field in a second.
Maybe. Maybe not.
One thing I can guarantee
is the Brandon Walsh that I know
would've handled the problem
without causing a scene.
Well, I'm sorry I let you down, Dad.
You didn't let me down.
You let your team down.
Dave Franklin called me
from his car phone,
he was so concerned
about the situation.
Maybe I should learn to be
more like Steve,
suck up to the parents,
let the kids do whatever they want.
- Brandon...
- Or better yet,
why don't we just let the kids run
the whole damn team.
Then we can just sit up in the bleachers
and eat tofu hamburgers
with the umpires.
What do you want, Brandon?
You want to quit being a coach,
is that it?
Maybe that'd be best.
All right.
As soon as I'm back on my feet,
and back on the field,
you're free to quit.
But up until then,
I need you to gut it out for me.
How soon will that be?
Hopefully by next practice,
assuming I can get some peace
and quiet around here.
The Peach Pit is closed.
Okay.
- Hey, come on in.
- Hi. I called your house.
Your sister said you might be here.
- All right. Can I fix you anything?
- No, thanks.
I came to talk
about what happened at the game.
Hey, that's yesterday's news. Forget it.
I just can't forget the way
your second baseman looked
after Noah started picking on him.
- Yeah, well, after you left, it got worse.
- What happened?
Well, the very next play,
Mannie made another error,
and he broke down and lost it.
Mannie's a tough case.
He's been in and out of foster homes.
Nothing comes easy for him.
He's just the last little kid
you ever want to see get hurt.
Did anyone even have the courtesy
to come over and apologize to you?
Yeah, your friend Steve came by.
He was very nice.
What'd he say?
Well, he just wondered if we shouldn't
cancel the second practice game.
Great, Steve.
Wait a minute, Brandon,
he's got a point.
We didn't exactly play you head up.
Why? What was the final score?
I don't know. I stopped counting
after the second inning.
I really feel terrible about all this, Nat.
The fact is that my little kids
from the Park and Rec
just weren't ready to compete
against the vast resources of the
West Beverly Hills Baseball League.
Not that I couldn't whip them
into better shape.
But it's just tough to do it all by yourself.
Well, are you in the market
for a feisty third base coach?
Why? You looking to become
a free agent?
I'm a journeyman ball player, Nat.
I go where I'm needed and wanted.
Dad? You're up?
It's a minor medical miracle.
I've got lateral movement again.
I feel almost human.
Hallelujah.
Listen, a lot of things got said last night
that I deeply regret.
And I want you to know how sorry I am
that we're not gonna be
coaching together again.
- Maybe you'll reconsider.
- Maybe.
So why don't you join us?
We're wheeling and dealing.
Come on, we're making a line-up.
Come on.
I'm gonna get some cheese bits.
Brandon, your dad's a great guy.
The three of us could go all the way
this season.
Yeah, especially with Dave Franklin
pulling all the strings.
Look, I'm sorry about the other day.
But we're a team.
- Look, Steve, I was just talking to Nat...
- Great!
Tell them we've had a change of heart.
We definitely want to play those kids
in another practice game.
- Really?
- Absolutely.
All right.
But why the sudden change of heart?
You gotta admit
that if we clobber these nerd balls,
it'll be great for team morale.
Oh, oh, yeah. Yes, he's quiet.
Smart? Very smart.
House trained?
Yeah, I better let you talk to Brenda.
It's a long shot, but go for it.
Cliff, how are you?
Dylan.
So tell me,
how does going to Beverly Hills High
School compare to West Beverly?
Oh, really?
That has got to be the dumbest dog
in the history of dogdom.
Well, you never met Bruno
or Mr Peppers.
He came this close
to getting hit by a truck yesterday.
Listen, man,
do you got some time tomorrow?
You could help me run
a baseball clinic for some of the kids.
B, I told you I have zero interest
in getting involved with a team
from West Beverly Hills.
What if it's to help Nat's kids so they
can beat the team from West Beverly?
Well, that's a different story, isn't it?
See, what did I tell you? Isn't he sweet?
Isn't he great?
And I think he likes you.
Well, yeah, he's a pretty good dog.
Pretty good?
David, he's great and he likes you,
which in your case
ought to count for something.
- And you said you wanted a dog.
- Well, yeah, but...
Know what? I know the smartest thing.
I should have thought of this earlier.
Why don't you just take him
for a couple of days
and see how it works out
between you two?
Look, Brenda, I can't...
But, David, it's just for a trial run.
Just for a couple of days.
Even one night, like tonight.
Take him and then you'd see
what a great dog he is.
- Okay, just one night?
- Absolutely. Whatever you want.
You think you could get me a date
with Kelly Taylor?
Wally, I'll find you a new home.
Just a question.
You know, the improvement from
one week to the next is remarkable.
Oh, yeah.
Kids are showing a lot of promise.
But you still need a pitcher
that can put the ball over the plate.
Yeah. But win or lose,
the most important thing
is how good
the kids feel about themselves.
Absolutely. Totally.
Yeah, I mean in the long run,
that's all that counts.
- Absolutely.
- Totally.
Andrea, hi.
Listen, do you remember the other day
you told me you knew
some kid in the Valley
who was a blue-chip ball player?
Yeah, Avery.
Mom, what are you doing?
Oh, well, it was late, and I didn't know
how long you'd be in the shower.
You like Wally, don't you?
Just didn't want him to go hungry.
He was such a good boy today.
I hardly heard a peep out of him.
- Why is the door open?
- I don't know.
- Where is he?
- Wally?
- Wally.
Wally!
Wally.
I looked on Wilshire.
I looked on Sunset.
I looked down Rodeo Drive.
I looked everywhere. No pooch.
Well, we gave up 20 minutes ago.
- Poor Wally.
- He'll come back.
That's probably
what the last owner said.
Hey, don't worry about him, Bren.
He'll be fine. He's got street smarts.
Brandon, I love Wally,
but that dog has no smarts.
Well, I'm going to miss him.
- Yeah, right.
- No, really.
I got used to the howling.
It put me to sleep.
Speaking of which, this coach needs
some shut-eye before tomorrow's game.
Sounds like a plan.
Night.
- Good night, honey. Sorry.
- Good night.
Good night.
So, Coach,
which dugout are you gonna be
sitting in tomorrow?
I was just helping Nat teach his team
a few of the fundamentals, that's all.
Does Dad know that?
No. And what Dad doesn't know
won't hurt him.
You know something, Brandon,
you're starting to sound like me.
That's a scary thought.
Dad.
Just a quick thing
about tomorrow's game.
You want to ride with me,
or is Steve gonna be picking you up?
Actually, I was gonna ride with Dylan.
Okay.
But I... I'll go with you if you want.
Whatever you prefer.
I'll go with you.
- Night.
- Good night.
- Hey, Coach.
- Nat. Have you met my father?
- I feel like I know him.
- I know the feeling.
You ought to see what I got for the kids.
The Pitts.
Yeah, they got hats, and wristbands,
and... Real jazzy.
- Why two T's?
- They're from Pittsburgh.
Very clever.
Well, if it isn't the walking wounded,
how are you doing?
Hey, Dave, good to see you. Excuse me.
You know, I ordered one for you, too.
Not that I expected you to wear it today.
Not that part of me doesn't want to.
We'll save it for you, my friend.
Thanks.
- Good game, huh?
- Yeah.
All right. Keep it up, Dylan.
All right, you guys,
let's turn a double play now.
Okay, come on, Dukes, listen up.
When I tip my hat, it means bunt.
- When I cross my arms like this...
- Hold it.
Cory, Noah,
we're having a team meeting over here.
You guys wanna tell me
what's so funny?
What? Did someone cut one over here?
They have that peewee doofus
playing second base again.
- You've got it.
- Yeah!
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. Listen up.
I said listen up!
You know, everyone's predicting you
guys will be the team to beat this year.
But my take on it is, if you all
don't change your attitude real quick,
it won't matter
how many games you win.
You won't be the champs,
you'll be the chumps.
And the worst part about it is,
you won't even know it.
Come on, Brandon, lighten up.
You gotta admit that kid, Mannie,
is a real klutz out there.
- Where's your sense of humor?
- Can we do it?
- Yeah!
Then let's do it! Let's get in there.
- Come on, let's go!
- All right, boys, let's get into position!
Come on now, let's show some hustle.
Come on! All right, look alive out there!
Hey, Nat.
Nat, this is Avery. Avery, this is Nat.
- Hey.
- Hi.
Wonder what Andrea Zuckerman's
doing here?
Dylan, Dylan, take care, here.
- Give me this, give me this.
- All right, you'll be great.
What's Dylan doing?
Bringing in a ringer?
My God, it's a girl.
Dude, it's a girl.
Poor Dylan, he's really scraping
the bottom of the barrel, huh?
All right, batter up!
All right, Avery.
Come on, you could do it. Come on.
Yeah!
Run! Run!
Go!
Home run!
Home run.
Man, she's good!
Strike three!
Strike three, you're out!
Man, she's great.
Let's go, Brad.
Any little hit, buddy, any little hit.
Strike three!
All right, let's get a rally going.
Let's hear some noise.
Let's get back in the game.
Come on now.
All right, you guys! Two outs!
Last inning! Run on anything!
Come on, Avery. Blow it by him.
Come on, Davey, we need a hit here!
Come on. Hit it good.
Yeah!
Yes! Well done.
Go, go, go, go, go.
Go, boy.
- Yeah!
- Yes!
- All right!
- Gutsy coaching, young man.
- Thank you, sir.
- You did it.
- Yeah.
Shake it off, Avery, we'll get them.
You suck wind, pitch.
Hey, hey, hey.
None of that, or you can go home.
- Yeah! Run, run!
- Go, go!
Out!
All right, boys, who's next?
Come on, last chance, let's go, let's go.
- Everybody been in the game?
- Not Randy Crawford.
Crawford, get in right field.
- Come on, let's go!
- Come on, let's show them! Come on.
Mr Walsh, did you forget
we're gonna trade Randy next week?
That's next week,
this week he's in right.
All right, come on now!
- Come on, guys, let's go!
- Let's get them!
This is it!
You battled back, all right.
Thanks to Davey, clutch hitting,
power pitching. He's got it all.
Thanks. He really enjoys
playing with his friends.
You know, it'd be a shame to win it
with Tim Bosworth's son
sitting on the bench.
It's just a practice game, Dave.
Yeah, well, it's your decision.
You're the manager.
Wait for your pitch!
All right, Avery, you're our last chance!
Okay, Davey, okay, bear down now,
bear down now.
Let's go, pitch!
Come on, Avery!
Hold on, now.
Yeah.
All right, Avery, one down.
Heads up now.
You want to settle him down?
All right, listen up, Davey.
You're a pitcher of record, man. Win or
lose, you tossed a hell of a game.
There's no pressure here, buddy.
Go get them.
- Go get the game.
- Come on.
- Here we go.
- Come on, doofus.
Come on.
Come on, Davey, come on.
Strike three, you're out.
All right, that's it.
Way to go, Davey. Yeah.
You concentrate, you can do it. Right?
You can hit this ball.
There's no guessing, you're gonna do it.
You got it on nice and tight, tough guy.
Take a swing.
What's so funny?
- Time out!
- Time!
Hey, guys, come on in.
Gather around here.
All right, guys, come in here. Listen up.
Here's my predictions.
I predict he'll strike out in three pitches,
and I predict that no one on this team
is gonna try to make him
feel bad about that.
This kid's had a tough life.
And there's no reason on earth
why any of you
should try to make it any harder on him.
And having said that, let's play ball.
Let's go!
All right, Mannie,
tag this one, baby, he ain't got nothing.
You can blow it by this doofus, Davey.
The doofus on wheels!
Give it up, doofus!
Hey, peewee doofus,
the bat looks kind of heavy.
Hey, doofus, give it up.
Give it up, doofus!
Hey, peewee doofus, don't drop the bat.
The way you treat your competition
is a direct comment
on how you play the game.
Give it up, doofus!
- Go.
- Second base, second base.
- Yeah!
Yeah!
- Not bad, little buddy.
- Yes!
All right, all right!
Bosworth's kid
would have caught that ball.
We should have caught that ball!
We should have won this game!
Hey, Davey, don't look now,
but we did win the game.
Two, four, six, eight.
Who do we appreciate?
The Pitts! The Pitts! Yeah! The Pitts!
Good game, guys.
So how's it feel to be
the pitcher of record?
Yeah!
Feels great.
It was just a practice game.
It doesn't matter
if you lose a practice game.
I mean, it was just a practice game.
Doesn't even count.
Noah, it counts.
Hey, Bran, wait up.
Hey, buddy,
don't be so hard on yourself.
Daryl Strawberry
couldn't have caught that ball.
Poor kid. He gave it his best shot.
Wally? Wally!
Wally, come here.
Dylan, look, Wally's back.
Wally! That's my dog.
Wally's back. Come here.
Oh, Wally.
Wally. Wally. Wally?
Wally!
Hey, is that Brenda's dog?
Wally?
That's not Wally, that's Ruppert.
That's my dog. Oh, he's back.
I thought you were dead, Ruppert.
Ruppert?
Hey, Noah, what'd your mom bring
for a snack?
Spinach salad and warm goat cheese.
- How about a Twinkie?
- Great!
Come on.
Hey, buddy,
we'll get him next time, huh?
Hey, Coach, let's go home.
All right, large guy.
See you next week.
Yeah.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org